hello youtubers this is the crack
project and we're back with another
tutorial on how to make a simple
minecart station with functioning using
redstone that has functioning mine cards
that when you if a person if a player's
in them then they get released back into
whatever my car track you want and if
they have no person had none that I keep
circulating all right here we go so as
you can see here we got a pretty simple
setup going um it's basically just a
basically just a at one of the infinite
minecart boosters that we showed you
earlier and an extra track with a small
red stone a small redstone circuit as
you can see right over there I'm
pointing and what this should do well
for some explain so the stone pressure
plate is a great use in mine cards
because it it's basically if the mine
cards are going I has speed it basically
functions as a track as you can see my
car just go right over it but it does
it's not activated if you're just at my
cart with nobody and it goes across it
like you can see here but if a person is
in it then the then it's activated so
what should happen is I've hooked up
this redstone to a to a piece of track
over here that piece of track should
change and flip it it should flip the
track the other way so that i'll end up
going around right here and back into
the circulation and what the heck okay
well hey that real quick all right now
let's justice
see I went around off the track and
there you have it so basically it this
one's a rather small example of my cart
booster and a station but you could
really make this part right here go
anywhere you want this could go off to
your I don't know whatever you have
whatever you want City a base whatever
you feel like then incoming mind cards
back to the station could go back and
would go back in this way and enter
circulation of these mine carts so that
whenever you wanted to get on one you
just right click on my cart and off you
go thanks and our next minecart tutorial
will have a actually have am a minecart
dispenser and how it can be used to
propel to you how you can use redstone
to dispense and propel a minecart from a
stack of them